README.md, before:

# Final Project 
## (Recipe Lookup)
### CSC207

User Story 1:
Users are able to sign up , log into, or log out of their own account.
If they just sign up, they will have a choice to set their preference for ingredients.

User Story 2 (Finished 11.21 by George & Miguel & Rolland):
Users will see the homepage, containing every use cases below.

User Story 3
On the home page, users are able to click on the user profile button, and will be shown their username and own recipes.

User Story 4 (FINISHED 11.21 by Alex & Rolland & Miguel):
On the home page, there will be pictures of 3 recommended images, and users can click on the name of recipes, and it will lead them to its instructions.

User Story 5 (FINISHED 11.6 by Alex & Rolland & Miguel):
After they type some keyword and click the search button, they will be provided with all the recipe that fits the name.

User Story 6:
Users have access to the Explore Ingredient button on the homepage. 
Once they click the button, there will be a list of ingredients. 
Once the user finish viewing, they can go back to the search page using the back button. (next button possible)

User Story 7:
Users will be given the option to bookmark any recipe after viewing it.
These bookmarked recipes will be shown on the home page.

User Story 8:
Users can choose to try drafting their own recipe. 
They can choose what ingredients they’d like to use and upload their unique recipe with a creative name.
The created recipe will be shown on each users' profile.

Commit message:

Nov. 21st Rolland Commit: updates on the explore_ingredient use case, and readme.

README.md, after:

# Final Project 
## (Recipe Lookup)
### CSC207

User Story 1:
Users are able to sign up , log into, or log out of their own account. (Finished 11.21 by Miguel & George)
If they just sign up, they will have a choice to set their preference for ingredients.

User Story 2 (Finished 11.21 by Miguel & Rolland & George ):
Users will see the homepage, containing every use cases below.

User Story 3
On the home page, users are able to click on the user profile button, and will be shown their username and own recipes.

User Story 4 (FINISHED 11.21 by Alex & Rolland & Miguel):
On the home page, there will be pictures of 3 recommended recipes with names and images.
Users can click on the name of recipes, and they will see the instruction page.

User Story 5 (FINISHED 11.6 by Alex & Rolland & Miguel):
After they type in some keyword and click the search button, they will be provided with all the recipe that fits the name.
Users can click on the name of recipes that they like, and they will see the instruction page.
If users finish viewing or do not want to search, they can click on the back button to go back to the homepage. 

User Story 6 (FINISHED 11.22 by Rolland & Alex & Miguel)::
Users have access to the Explore Ingredient button on the homepage. 
Once they click the button, there will be a list of ingredients. 
They can click on the ingredients to view every recipe that contain such ingredient.
Once the user finish viewing, they can click on the back button to go back to the homepage.

User Story 7:
Users will be given the option to bookmark any recipe on the instruction page.
These bookmarked recipes will be shown on the home page.

User Story 8:
Users can choose to draft their own recipe. 
They can choose what ingredients they’d like to use and upload their unique recipe with a creative name.
The created recipe will be shown on each users' profile.
